---
Type: Email
SentBy: "[[../supporting information/Spyridon Leoussis|Spyridon Leoussis]]"
To:
  - "[[../../Taghrid Choucair Vizoso|Taghrid Choucair Vizoso]], [[../supporting information/Paul Stroud|Paul Stroud]]"
CC:
  - "[[../../David Sturrock Jeffrey|David Sturrock Jeffrey]], [[../supporting information/Hattie Hughes|Hattie Hughes]], [[Jonathan.M.Eldered|Jonathan.M.Eldered]], [[../supporting information/Adrienne Jeffrey|Adrienne Jeffrey]], can.mustafa@met.police.uk, [[../supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem El Akhnawy]]"
DateTime: 2018-01-20T06:09:00
Subject: "RE: FW: 50 Queens Avenue"
tags:
  - 50QA
  - 50qaEmail
  - ThisTag
  - todo
  - backend
  - quote
  - tip
  - warning
Issue:
  - "[[CCTV Issue|CCTV Issue]]"
  - "[[Front door locks|Front door locks]]"
description: "re: CCTV"
icon: FiMail
share: "True"
OffenceType:
  - "[[Autocratic Unilateral Action|Autocratic Unilateral Action]]"
short_description: Series of Allegations
---
| | |
| ---- | ---- |
| From | [[../supporting information/Spyridon Leoussis|Spyridon Leoussis]] |
| **To** | [[../../Taghrid Choucair Vizoso|Taghrid Choucair Vizoso]]<br> [[../supporting information/Paul Stroud|Paul Stroud]] |
| **cc** | [[../../David Sturrock Jeffrey|David Sturrock Jeffrey]]<br> [[../supporting information/Hattie Hughes|Hattie Hughes]]<br> [[Jonathan.M.Eldered|Jonathan.M.Eldered]]<br> [[../supporting information/Adrienne Jeffrey|Adrienne Jeffrey]]<br> can.mustafa@met.police.uk<br> [[../supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem El Akhnawy]]|
| **Subject** | RE: FW: 50 Queens Avenue |
| **Date & Time** |17/01/2024, 17:09|
[Gmail Thread Search Link](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/subject%3A(RE%3A%20FW%3A%2050%20Queens%20Avenue)%20after%3A2023%2F12%2F16%20before%3A2024%2F02%2F16) <br>
[Gmail Email Search Link](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/subject%3A(RE%3A%20FW%3A%2050%20Queens%20Avenue)%20after%3A2023%2F12%2F16%20before%3A2024%2F02%2F16)
- [ ] #todo #backend add a link to the Thread page here. Add via BTT script

## Issues
🎦

## Email Message
Dear All,




^9b6273

- [ ] #todo Make quote and warning Templates from the above structure


This text should be in the "Link to Block" quote, but hdden in the email I'm quoting from ^fa7aac

The claim that my client has set up CCTV which captures Taghrid and Paul’s back garden is a serious and false allegation (and one which can therefore be considered as harassment). Just because she can see the camera, as she states, clearly does not mean that the camera can see her, or look into their garden – one can plainly see that the camera is directed down towards my client’s own garden and I have confirmed this myself by my client showing me what this camera sees on screen.  ^669282



%%test:: This is 3rd one, Top because it's a bullet
%%

> [!warning]+ Title
> - [ ] #quote #tip Could this be a quote?

As for Paul's email about the deadbolt sent on 13/01/2024, his video explanation of the lock is irrelevant to what happened on the night of 24/08/2023 which resulted in Hattie being locked out. He claims in the video that the issue is because once the lock is swivelled around and you put the key into it, you cannot turn the key. That is simply not what happened on the night in question when the key could not actually enter into the lock as it was being blocked by an object within the lock itself. My client had unlocked the deadbolt from inside to let Hattie in. Once again, this has already been explained to him. ^82190f

- [] #warning some text here asdThis text should be in the "Link to Block" quote, but hdden in the email I'm quoting from- From [Sandbox Email](./Sandbox Email.md) 

My client ==reiterates the claims he made in my email of 11th January and denies the version of events purported by Paul in his first email of 13th January== (which may be considered defamatory). His version of events and David’s intimation of general innocence simply does not align with reality or the facts – see corroborative evidence from Hattie’s recent emails.

My client previously made every effort to reason with Paul, even going to the extent of paying for his dining experience at Côte Muswell Hill and La Lluna on 16/10/2022, however his attempts at reconciliation were met with hostility, and Paul proceeded to make unfounded accusations against my client to the police the following day. This occurred after my client provided minutes of their meeting to the other freeholders. My client’s belief is that Paul’s allegations appear to have been a ploy to escape liability for his breaches of his lease and his failures of director's duties. As already mentioned, these allegations have since been dismissed by the police. Despite this, the alarm and distress caused by Paul & Taghrid has very seriously affected my client’s health and he continues to suffer from their actions. 

- [ ] #todo Templater. Review style callout

> [!example]+ Review
>A brief look at the events
> 


Please all be advised that I have now started the process of applying to the First-Tier Tribunal for a Court Manager to be appointed to manage the building under Section 24 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1987 (see attached preliminary notice being served). Although this shall increase the service charges annually for everyone concerned this appears to be the only way the building shall be properly managed.

Please be advised that Flats A & D continue to be liable to compensate my client for his ongoing legal costs in this matter.

Kind regards,

Spyridon Leoussis
[[../../Draft Response TO Spyridon (RE. FW. 50 Queens Avenue)|Draft Response TO Spyridon (RE. FW. 50 Queens Avenue)]]
