---
Type: Email
SentBy: "[[Hazem El Akhnawy]]"
To:
  - "[[Taghrid Choucair Vizoso|Taghrid Choucair Vizoso]]"
  - "[[David Sturrock Jeffrey|David Sturrock Jeffrey]]"
  - "[[Paul Stroud|Paul Stroud]]"
  - "[[Hattie Hughes|Hattie Hughes]]"
  - "[[Martin Hughes|Martin Hughes]]"
  - "[[Adrienne Jeffrey|Adrienne Jeffrey]]"
DateTime: 2020-09-14T16:03
Subject: Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue
tags:
  - 50QA
  - 50qaEmail
  - 50QA_todo
  - 50QA_investigate
Issue: 
description: 
icon: FiMail
share: "true"
OffenceType:
  - "[[Threats of Unilateral Action|Threats of Unilateral Action - 'if tasks are not arranged']]"
  - "[[Disregard of Protocol|Disregard of Protocol - 'regardless of whether a director of the company agrees']]"
  - "[[Disruptive Inaction|Disruptive Inaction]]"
  - "[[Misrepresentation|Misrepresentation]]"
Progress: ingest
---
<p><span><h1 data-heading="From: [[50 Queens Avenue/supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy.md|Hazem El Akhnawy]]">From: <a data-tooltip-position="top" aria-label="50 Queens Avenue/supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy.md" data-href="50 Queens Avenue/supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy.md" href="50 Queens Avenue/supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy.md" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Hazem El Akhnawy</a></h1>
<h6 data-heading="On Mon, 14th September 2020 at 04.03pm">On Mon, 14th September 2020 at 04.03pm</h6></span></p>  
<p><span style="overflow-x: auto;"><table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>To</th>
<th>CC</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td><a data-href="Taghrid Choucair Vizoso" href="Taghrid Choucair Vizoso" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Taghrid Choucair Vizoso</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a data-href="David Sturrock Jeffrey" href="David Sturrock Jeffrey" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">David Sturrock Jeffrey</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a data-href="Paul Stroud" href="Paul Stroud" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Paul Stroud</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a data-href="Hattie Hughes" href="Hattie Hughes" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Hattie Hughes</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a data-href="Martin Hughes" href="Martin Hughes" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Martin Hughes</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td><a data-href="Adrienne Jeffrey" href="Adrienne Jeffrey" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Adrienne Jeffrey</a></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table></span></p>
<p><span><hr></span></p><span><span><h4 data-heading="[[2020-09-14 Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue|View the Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue Thread]]"><a data-tooltip-position="top" aria-label="2020-09-14 Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue" data-href="2020-09-14 Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue" href="2020-09-14 Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue" class="internal-link" target="_blank" rel="noopener">View the Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue Thread</a></h4></span></span> 

# Summary

# Email Message

Hello all,   

<mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">In regards to the next house meeting which was due to be arranged </mark>on the return of Taghrid and Paul on 07/09/2020, I would just like to ensure a few things. As you know, I have been trying to arrange for repairs pertaining to the building for the outstanding works. However, it has been dragging on house meeting after house meeting, so I would like for a date to be agreed on for when each of the repairs will be done and for this to be mentioned on the minutes when the meeting takes place.  

The front walls need to be repaired as the bricks are coming off on my side and the top part of it on both sides is custom made so had to be repaired with a lot of filler in order to restore the original shape after it previously broke on both sides. If it is not maintained it will be cracked into pieces and will cost £2000-£3000 to be custom built again as estimated around three to four years ago by the builders before the repair work was carried out.   

As well as arranging for and setting a date for when the trees will be trimmed (as the house said they want to do it in autumn)   

Painting the two gates which are now rusty   

Repairing the wall by the bins.   

The pipe next to my window is still making a ticking sound when it is raining so this also needs to be rebooked and arranged with a date.   

Repair the path to the front of the house as this was agreed in previous meetings, and I provided quotes for this myself - one from one of the builders who did this job at the time for number 44 Queens Avenue approximately over 12 years ago. I was told quotes would be obtained for this by the rest of the house but has also been dragging on over the years since I moved in, meeting after meeting.   

 I think a roofing company needs to check the roof, as if there is a leak or damage, the insurance company will not pay out under the assertion that the roof and building was not being maintained.   

The lock on the communal front door for the house needs to be replaced as it is very old now and is not working properly often not actually closing.  

> [!comment]
> You will see that [[Paul Stroud|Paul]]  and [[Taghrid Choucair Vizoso|Taghrid]] make attempts to address the issue of the [[Front door locks|Front door locks]] by obtaining quotes. Later, you will see how [[Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem]] will complain at the inaction. COME BACK TO THIS

 
 

I would also like to state that I want to avoid paying for the same works twice as was the case previously by making sure we do the works at the right time. For example, when the rest of the house arranged for repairs on the front walls to be carried out during the winter they soon all cracked and needed to be repaired again which resulted in us paying twice for the same job. This is now all the same case with the [[Side Gate Issue|Side Gate]] which was repaired with the wrong material as explained previously and needs to be replaced with the correct material.   

I would further like to clarify if work needs to be carried on the outside of the building it can't be dragged on due to a vote. These works are not like those which are carried out within the inside of our own individual flats which can be done at any time. The works for the outside of the building and must be done regardless of whether a director of the company agrees or disagrees as the works are in everyone’s interest to get repaired, as well as the mortgage lenders who also have interest in the building. It could also invalidate the building insurance if maintenance is not carried out. I will have to inform the lenders if the house is failed to be maintained.   

> [!disregardProtocol] [[Disregard of Protocol|Disregard of Protocol]]
>  
> [[Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem]] dismisses the importance of a vote as if it's a mere inconvenience, overlooking its crucial role in the governance and legal processes involved, implying that the works should go ahead regardless of other people's opinions. 
>> [!empty]
>>  if work needs to be carried on the outside of the building it can't be dragged on due to a vote. [...]
>>  The works for the outside of the building and must be done regardless of whether a director of the company agrees or disagrees

I previously provided a quote for some of these works to be done, and arranged for a builder to carry them out as per my email on the 3rd August 2020, as some building work was being carried out in my flat and could have been done at the same time, but the house asked for alternative quotes and more time which I don’t have, so can the rest of the house please set a date for when the work for each of the mentioned tasks will be arranged and carried out before the winter by the rest of the house. If these tasks are not arranged with dates, I will have to do it and then claim the money back.   

> [!threatUnilateral] [[Threats of Unilateral Action|Threats of Unilateral Action]]
>  
> [[Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem]], insisting on proceeding independently if his demands are not met, not only undermines the Freehold's authority but sets a precedent for [[Autocratic Unilateral Action|Unilateral Actions]] to come.
>>[!empty]
>> If these tasks are not arranged with dates, I will have to do it and then claim the money back.   

> [!disregardProtocol] [[Disregard of Protocol|Disregard of Protocol]]
>  
> **Disrespectful.**<br>
> [[Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem's]] expectation that the responsibility for coordinating and completing the work should fall on others is disrespectful of the other stakeholders and their time. Particularly in light of Hazem's initial involvement, the numerous times he had been invited to obtain quotes (See: [[Disruptive Inaction|Disruptive Inaction]]),   
>>[!empty]
>> ...the house asked for alternative quotes and more time which I don’t have, so can the rest of the house please set a date for when the work for each of the mentioned tasks will be arranged and carried out before the winter by the rest of the house.

> [!misrepresentation] [[Misrepresentation|Misrepresentation]]
>  
> **This is not true**
> [[|]]
>>[!quote]
>> I previously provided a quote for some of these works to be done, and arranged for a builder to carry them [...] but the house asked for alternative quotes...
>>[!comment]
>> I previously provided a quote for some of these works to be done, and arranged for a builder to carry them [...] but the house asked for alternative quotes...



I have attached some images of the works which need to be carried out.  

Kind regards,   

Hazem El-Akhnawy  
<p><span><h1 data-heading="Search for Original Email">Search for Original Email</h1></span></p><p><span><div data-callout-metadata="" data-callout-fold="" data-callout="info" class="callout node-insert-event drop-shadow"><div class="callout-title"><div class="callout-icon"><svg width="16" height="16"></svg></div><div class="callout-title-inner">Search in your email client</div></div><div class="callout-content">
<hr>
<p><em>If you are a recipient of the above email, you may be able to use the <strong>Gmail Link</strong> (if you use Gmail) or copy the search criteria into your email search to find it.</em>  </p>
<p> <a href="https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/subject%3A(Repairs%20for%2050%20Queens%20Avenue)+after%3A2020%2F09%2F13+before%3A2020%2F09%2F15" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Search Gmail for "Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue" between 13-09-2020 and 15-09-2020</a><br>
Search Criteria:
<code>Subject: Repairs for 50 Queens Avenue received: 2020-09-14</code></p>
</div></div></span></p>
