---
Type: Email
SentBy: "[[../supporting information/Spyridon Leoussis|Spyridon Leoussis]]"
To:
  - "[[../../Taghrid Choucair Vizoso|Taghrid Choucair Vizoso]]"
CC:
  - "[[../../David Sturrock Jeffrey|David Sturrock Jeffrey]], [[../supporting information/Hattie Hughes|Hattie Hughes]], [[Jonathan.M.Eldered|Jonathan.M.Eldered]], [[../supporting information/Paul Stroud|Paul Stroud]], [[../supporting information/Adrienne Jeffrey|Adrienne Jeffrey]], can.mustafa@met.police.uk, [[../supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem El Akhnawy]]"
DateTime: 2011-01-20T17:55:00
Subject: "RE: FW: 50 Queens Avenue"
tags:
  - 50QA
  - 50qaEmail
description: 
Issue:
  - "[[CCTV Issue|CCTV Issue]]"
share: "True"
---
| From | [[../supporting information/Spyridon Leoussis|Spyridon Leoussis]] |
| ---- | ---- |
| **To** | [[../../Taghrid Choucair Vizoso|Taghrid Choucair Vizoso]] |
| **cc** | [[../../David Sturrock Jeffrey|David Sturrock Jeffrey]]<br> [[../supporting information/Hattie Hughes|Hattie Hughes]]<br> [[Jonathan.M.Eldered|Jonathan.M.Eldered]]<br> [[../supporting information/Paul Stroud|Paul Stroud]]<br> [[../supporting information/Adrienne Jeffrey|Adrienne Jeffrey]]<br> can.mustafa@met.police.uk<br> [[../supporting information/Hazem El Akhnawy|Hazem El Akhnawy]]|
| **Subject** | RE: FW: 50 Queens Avenue |
| **Date & Time** |11/01/2024, 17:55|
[Gmail Thread Search Link](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/subject%3A(50+Queens+Avenue)+after%3A2023%2F01%2F11+before%3A2024%2F01%2F12)
[Gmail Email Search Link](https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#search/subject%3A(RE%3A%20FW%3A%2050%20Queens%20Avenue)%20after%3A2023%2F12%2F10%20before%3A2024%2F02%2F10)
## Summary

## Issues

## Email Message
Dear All,

As I understand it, Flat A's issue is simply with not having access to the footage, not with installing CCTV, per-se. That being said, the CCTV cameras were not financed with freehold expenditure. They are being paid for by my client and registered under his name. Additionally, the CCTV cameras installed are maintained and under contract with a reputable and established security company. Therefore, any attempt to remove, damage, or tamper with these cameras would constitute criminal damage and my client shall of course immediately report any such damage to the police for actioning by way of a swift prosecution. Additionally, any interference with the CCTV cameras is likely to result in further legal action by the security company against any party that tampers with the CCTV.

The CCTV cameras were installed to cover the communal paths due to: (a) the garden side gate being left open on a frequent basis causing a security risk from the general public, (b) incidents of anti-social behaviour (Paul shouting abuse at my client through his own flat windows), (c) vandalism (Paul's striking of gas pipes and tampering with my gas metre box), (d) threatening behaviour carried out by David and Adrienne on the communal path, (e) Paul frequently walking up and down this pathway passing my client’s windows late at night and placing his mobile's flashlight through my client’s windows causing him alarm and distress, and of course (f) Flat A's false allegations about my client to the police that were later dismissed as untrue. My client has serious concerns for his safety and has had no choice but to install these cameras.

For the avoidance of any doubt, the CCTV does not capture anyone's private property other than my client’s (his own back and front garden) and the side communal pathway so sharing this footage with other residents is simply not possible. My client has already clarified with the police that in the event of any incident, he would be very happy to work with them and share footage. If any party wishes to install their own CCTV to obtain their own footage of the communal paths, that is entirely fine with my client.

> [!warning] Falsehood
> [[../supporting information/PC Jonathan.M.Eldered|PC Eldered]] has confirmed that the Ring doorbell detects and activates with motion further away than stated below.

==As for the Ring doorbell, it was installed on my client’s flat door that activates only with motion detection when someone his my flat door.== It does not activate to take footage otherwise. For further clarification, my client’s flat is well below the level of the common hall (five steps down) so when someone is stood outside his flat door, no one's private space is captured, just part of the communal wall (i.e. no-one’s, say, front door is in view). To reiterate, if anyone wishes to install their own CCTV or doorbell, my client has no issues with this whatsoever.

Kind regards,

Spyridon Leoussis